RN 43740 (#5348)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer/Functions/Dashboards_and_Low_Code_Apps/Configuring_components/Template_Editor.md

| ![Horizontal alignment](~/dataminer/images/Text_Horizontal_Alignment.png) | Horizontal alignment | Left, center, right, or justify. | Text |
| ![Vertical alignment](~/dataminer/images/Text_Vertical_Alignment.png) | Vertical alignment | Top, center, or bottom. | Text |
| N/A | HTML code | Enter HTML code. Basic syntax highlighting and IntelliSense is supported. | HTML |

> | N/A | Link width to | Link the width of the rectangle to a column, selected from the dropdown list. This will partially fill it with a background color depending on the percentage in the column it is linked to. Not available for Maps components. | Rectangle |
> | N/A | Link height to | Link the height of the rectangle to a column, selected from the dropdown list. This will partially fill it with a background color depending on the percentage in the column it is linked to. Not available for Maps components. | Rectangle |

Author: Alright, next attempt 😊
```suggestion
| N/A | Link width to | Link the width of the rectangle to a column, selected from the dropdown list. This will partially fill it with a background color depending on the percentage in the column it is linked to. Only available if a data source is used that includes a numeric column. | Rectangle |
| N/A | Link height to | Link the height of the rectangle to a column, selected from the dropdown list. This will partially fill it with a background color depending on the percentage in the column it is linked to. Only available if a data source is used that includes a numeric column. | Rectangle |
```

| N/A | HTML code | Enter HTML code. Basic syntax highlighting and IntelliSense is supported. | HTML |
| N/A | Link width to | Link the width of this column to that of another column, selected from the dropdown list. Only available for table and grid components. | Rectangle |
| N/A | Link height to | Link the height of this column to that of another column, selected from the dropdown list. Only available for table and grid components. | Rectangle |

> | ![Horizontal anchor left](~/dataminer/images/Rectangle_Horizontal_Anchor.png) ![Horizontal anchor right](~/dataminer/images/Rectangle_Horizontal_Anchor_Right.png) | Horizontal anchor | If the width of a rectangle is linked to that of another shape, you can use this property to anchor the shape to either the left or the right side of the shape. Available from DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU20]/10.5.0 [CU8]/10.5.11 onwards.<!-- RN 43740 --> | Rectangle |

Reviewer: "linked to that of **another** shape" confused me, as it has nothing to do with other shapes.

You add a shape of the type rectangle. For that shape you need to define its position and dimensions. These then define the bounds of the shape. When enabling link to width/height, it will fill the shape entirely with its background color, but rather a part of it (defined by the percentage in the column it is linked to). Up to now, this always used to fill it from left to right (or top to bottom)  (like a typically progress bar). This anchoring allows user to let it fill from right to left (or bottom to top). So, there is only one shape involved. And this link to width + anchoring allows user to define how it should be filled.
